Add support for dative bonds in MOL files (#6566)
rdkit/rdkit: Docs/Book/RDKit_Book.rst

  - enhanced stereochemistry (V3000 only)
  - Sgroups: Sgroups are read and written, but interpretation of their contents is still very much
    a work in progress

>   - Dative bonds in V2000 (type 9), despite them not being part of the standard, we see them in the wild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Dative bonds in V2000 (type 9), despite them not being part of the standard, we support them because they frequently show up in real-world data
```
